acquires       acquire
analyses       analyze
bolt           bolt
buys           buy
diagnoses      diagnose
discloses      disclose
disguises      disguise
dose           dose
downs          down
echoes         echo
eschewing      eschew
fade           fade
frown          frown
glimpses       glimpse
gasses         gas
gowns          gown
hassled        hassled
loose          loose
lounges        lounge
lower          lower
mans           man
nod            nod
respects       respect
revenges       revenge
rights         right
singles        single
skis           ski
slot           slot
teases         tease
thanks         thank
traps          trap
troops         troop
whiles         while
widen          widen
